# statement-of-purpose
Statement of Purpose
As a student in the final year of undergraduate study for a Bachelor of Physics degree，I have arrived at a crossroad of my life. Finding a job is an option, but my strong interest remains in the research of micro/nano-technology and material science. Hence, I look to PhD graduate study to refine my skills and increase my knowledge in the areas of interest. I believe it will also serve to realize my goal of a career as a research professional at some academic organization. 
My interests in micro/nano-technology and material science should retrospect to my high school study. When I enrolled in high school, I found my great interests and gifts in chemistry, so I participated in the chemistry competition group, in which I learned a lot about advanced chemistry such as structural chemistry and advanced inorganic chemistry. At that time I started to realize the importance of micro/nano-technology. It impressed me a lot that these small scale things can have a big effect on the development of the whole society. The graphene, the nanotube, the novel engineering materials and so on, all these tiny things really attracted me and led me to a new world—the micro/nano world. 
My undergraduate study in USTC set up a sound basis for my future research on micro/nano-technology and material science. During the first two years I devoted myself to the study of the fundamental physics and math. I selected various courses of very different subjects, and got very excellent records. Furthermore, with a desire of understanding more about micro/nano-technology and materials, I have read several relative books and listened to many reports on these areas, and I like to discuss about the research and applications of micro/nano-technology with my teachers. Apart from the fact that I am passionate and hardworking about learning, I am interested in exploring new territories through hands-on research. Since my junior year, I participated in prof. XuXiaoliang’s Functional Nano Materials Lab, which focuses on the fabrications, properties and applications of thin films and micro/nano-materials. The work what I have done in this group was my first in-depth research experience which familiarized myself with the life in laboratory, and I realized the practical application of knowledge I learned in class. During the experience, I not only earned a large knowledge of the materials, chemicals, machines and techniques in micro-nanofabrication, but also promoted my interest in this specific research area. 
Now, having experienced success and failure in my research work and studies, I have possessed the capacity of carrying research independently and developed my own working habit that somehow we seem to be successful. I am very eager to further my study in my chosen field up to the most advanced level in WSU. I know that WSU provides an atmosphere conducive to creative work and scholarship at all levels, and the goal of the MSE program at WSU is to give every student a thorough background in the major areas of current research. Besides, some excellent material and nanotechnology groups such as Prof. Yi’ group in your department really attract me, and I believe it will be pleasure for me to join one of them. Hence, I think your department is a perfect choice for me. With a firm foundation of basic knowledge, the capabilities and skills to solve problems, and more than one year’s research experience, I am confident that I will successfully undertake the study and research needed and meet all the requirements of the field.
